Add missing options for chef-server-ctl backup and restore (#3577)
chef/chef-web-docs: themes/docs-new/layouts/shortcodes/ctl_chef_server_backup_options.md

`-y`, `--yes`

:   Use to specify if the Chef Infra Server can go offline during
    tar.gz-based backups.

> `--pg-options`

Reviewer: Where would a user find the pg options?

Author: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/

Reviewer 2: Looks like https://www.postgresql.org/docs/13/runtime-config.html are the options that the user could set. they would be passed to chef_backup that would set them as PGOPTIONS env variable. https://github.com/chef/chef_backup/blob/main/lib/chef_backup/strategy/backup/tar.rb#L61

Author: @PrajaktaPurohit Thanks!  I added your link.

> :   Specify additional options to pass to PostgreSQL during backups.

Reviewer 2: could we include some examples of the options?

Author: We will skip this for now, as discussed in standup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Use to specify additional options to pass to PostgreSQL during backups. See the [PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/) for more information.
```

`-c`, `--config-only`

> :   Only backup configuration, not data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Backup the Chef Infra Server configuration **without** backing up data.
```

> :   Use to specify additional options to pass to PostgreSQL during backups. See the [PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/13/runtime-config.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Use to specify and pass additional options PostgreSQL during backups. See the [PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/13/runtime-config.html) for more information.
```

`-t`, `--timeout`

> :   Set the Maximum amount of time to wait for shell commands.

Reviewer: Does this configuration have a default? I assume that it is set in MS?

Author: I don't know if it has a default that is set anywhere.  I do know that customers have to set this from time to time to resolve issues.

Author: This now reads:
```
 Set the maximum amount of time in seconds to wait for shell commands (default 600). This option should be set to greater than 600 for backups taking longer than 10 minutes.
```

> :   Set the maximum amount of time in seconds to wait for shell commands (default 600). This option should be set to greater than 600 for backups taking longer than 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Set the maximum amount of time in seconds to wait for shell commands. Set to greater than 600 for backups that take longer than 10 minutes. Default: 600.
```
